When did you go?
Oh, you did a takeout from them?
Oh, that's a bad sign.Oh What time did you go though?
Is it like off-key colors?
My favorite in Torrance was probably Hachi.
yeah yeah
I... I always do reservation when I go.
Wait What is it?
Yeah.
Oh, okay. Okay. What kind of food do they have?
Oh we have?
also they have like a little bit of everything
But then all it is the clients now are like pricey aren't they?
Yeah
yeah haichi is bomb
And the uni with the Rami.
dude that's bomb
yeah you gotta get it they serve it in the little soup spoons
yeah so on the menu it says three pieces
but if you have an even number group they can do the four and just adjust the price
Yeah yeah, those are bomb. yeah if you love tekiyaki noodles..
I'm not sure that's wagyu, but it is raw beef.
Uni and then caviar on top.
It is really good. Yeah, yeah, Uni's bomb.
But uni can go wrong so fast.
is it (***) restaurant? no i don't..
Oh, that sucks. It's not around anymore?
What? For the whole box?
And it was 60 bucks? That's that's like bad
From the whole box, that's not bad at all. wow
you
Mostly Tokyo, yes yeah
Oh yeah, those are like pine.
I think I go there every time I went, yeah.
Oh nice
With nothing else?Just a straight uni? oh
yeah yeah i think you guys are good no
Oh Wow.
I like Goonie, yeah yeah yeah. Yeah, I like Goonie.
Sounds..
okay so when you order sushi like what's your favorite?